resource/README.md, before:

# `Resource`

## Request Methods

- Handling A Resource - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#handling-a-resource
- MDN Request Methods - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods
- HTTP Method Definitions - https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html


## Response Streams

  - piped streamed responses
  - https://github.com/koajs/koa/issues/944
  - https://github.com/claudetech/koa-stream
  - https://github.com/pillarjs/send/blob/master/test/send.js#L22-L24
  - HTTP Range Requests - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7233


## MIME Sniffing

  - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#javascript-mime-type
  - Matching a MIME type pattern - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#matching-a-mime-type-pattern
  - Determining the computed MIME type of a resource - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#matching-an-image-type-pattern
  - Context-Specific sniffing - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#context-specific-sniffing
  

# References

  - Rest Cookbook -  http://restcookbook.com/
  - HTTP Status Codes - https://httpstatuses.com/
  - Web Resource - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_resource
  - Pagination - http://restcookbook.com/Resources/pagination/
  - Web Linking - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288
  - HTTP Specification - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.6.2
  - HTTP Request Methods - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods
  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/405
  - HTTP Method Definitions - https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html
  - Initial Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) Method Registrations - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7237
  - Asyncronous POST - http://restcookbook.com/Resources/asynchroneous-operations/
  - HTTP over MVC - https://github.com/aspnet/Mvc/issues/5532

Commit message:

Add types to  definition in resource/README.md

resource/README.md, after:

# `Resource`

## Types

  A `Resource` (and for that matter (sub)`Resource` can be one of 4 media types (There will be more):

  1. - `text/*`
  2. - `image/*`
  3. - `script/*`
  4. - `style/*`

## Request Methods

- Handling A Resource - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#handling-a-resource
- MDN Request Methods - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods
- HTTP Method Definitions - https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html


## Response Streams

  - piped streamed responses
  - https://github.com/koajs/koa/issues/944
  - https://github.com/claudetech/koa-stream
  - https://github.com/pillarjs/send/blob/master/test/send.js#L22-L24
  - HTTP Range Requests - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7233


## MIME Sniffing

  - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#javascript-mime-type
  - Matching a MIME type pattern - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#matching-a-mime-type-pattern
  - Determining the computed MIME type of a resource - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#matching-an-image-type-pattern
  - Context-Specific sniffing - https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#context-specific-sniffing
  

# References

  - Rest Cookbook -  http://restcookbook.com/
  - HTTP Status Codes - https://httpstatuses.com/
  - Web Resource - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_resource
  - Pagination - http://restcookbook.com/Resources/pagination/
  - Web Linking - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8288
  - HTTP Specification - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7231#section-6.6.2
  - HTTP Request Methods - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods
  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/405
  - HTTP Method Definitions - https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec9.html
  - Initial Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) Method Registrations - https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7237
  - Asyncronous POST - http://restcookbook.com/Resources/asynchroneous-operations/
  - HTTP over MVC - https://github.com/aspnet/Mvc/issues/5532
