middleware/README.md, before:

# middleware


## snuggsi.cors

Cross Origin Resource Sharing


## snuggsi.auth

Middleware used for Authentication.


## snuggsi.security

Middleware used for CSP (Content Security Policy).

  - https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/content-security-policy-for-single-page-web-apps-78f2b2cf1757
  - https://www.owasp.org/index.php/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security_Cheat_Sheet
  - Node Security Platform - https://nodesecurity.io/resources

## snuggsi.route

Used for routing.

  - https://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html
  - Why you should always add a trailing `/` - https://cdivilly.wordpress.com/2014/03/11/why-trailing-slashes-on-uris-are-important/


## snuggsi.browse

Middleware used for developer tools like browsersync and browser extensions.


## snuggsi.negotiator

Middleware used for Content Negotiaton.

  - https://github.com/w3c/preload/issues/113
  - https://github.com/whatwg/mimesniff/issues/42
  - Oye vey! https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Why_not_conneg
  - Media Types (part II) rfc2046 - https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2046
  - MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) Types (part I) rfc2045 - https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2045
  - Picking the right mime type - https://www.maxcdn.com/one/tutorial/mime-types/
  - Require servers to use `text/javascript` - https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/3096
  - MDN HTTP MIME Types - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types


## snuggsi.compressor

Middleware used for Content Encoding.


## snuggsi.mixins

Middleware used for library mixins.


## snuggsi.assets

Middleware used for static assets.

Commit message:

Add security and policy information to middlware/README.md

middleware/README.md, after:

# middleware


## snuggsi.cors

Cross Origin Resource Sharing


## snuggsi.auth

Middleware used for Authentication.


## snuggsi.security

Browser security for frames and XSS attacks


## snuggsi.policy

Middleware used for CSP (Content Security Policy).

  - https://medium.com/square-corner-blog/content-security-policy-for-single-page-web-apps-78f2b2cf1757
  - https://www.owasp.org/index.php/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security_Cheat_Sheet
  - Node Security Platform - https://nodesecurity.io/resources

## snuggsi.route

Used for routing.

  - https://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html
  - Why you should always add a trailing `/` - https://cdivilly.wordpress.com/2014/03/11/why-trailing-slashes-on-uris-are-important/


## snuggsi.browse

Middleware used for developer tools like browsersync and browser extensions.


## snuggsi.negotiator

Middleware used for Content Negotiaton.

  - https://github.com/w3c/preload/issues/113
  - https://github.com/whatwg/mimesniff/issues/42
  - Oye vey! https://wiki.whatwg.org/wiki/Why_not_conneg
  - Media Types (part II) rfc2046 - https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2046
  - MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) Types (part I) rfc2045 - https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2045
  - Picking the right mime type - https://www.maxcdn.com/one/tutorial/mime-types/
  - Require servers to use `text/javascript` - https://github.com/whatwg/html/pull/3096
  - MDN HTTP MIME Types - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types


## snuggsi.compressor

Middleware used for Content Encoding.


## snuggsi.mixins

Middleware used for library mixins.


## snuggsi.assets

Middleware used for static assets.
